of the prior information to make the subsequent searches so that we will be able to find the optimal point
quite fast. So this is the fundamental idea behind Bayesian optimization. But how does this work?
So what we are concerned is about finding the probability of getting a specific model score,
getting a specific model score. This could be model score. This could be a cost function,
cost function or sorry, the loss function, loss function like error, some type of an error or
it could be accuracy, right? Accuracy means we want to maximize it. Loss function means we want to
minimize it. Error means we want to minimize it, right? So what is the probability of getting a particular
model score given a particular configuration of the hyper parameters? So this is ultimately what we want
to find out. But we want to find this. We want to find the configuration that gives the maximum or minimum
depending on the objective, giving the what is the configuration that gives the maximum model score.